Move code-scan details from everything-as-code to security (#87)
NHSDigital/software-engineering-quality-framework: practices/security.md

- Prevent **[clickjacking](https://sudo.pagerduty.com/for_engineers/#clickjacking)** with `X-Frame-Options`
- Be careful not to **leak information**, e.g. error messages, stack traces, headers
- **Don't trust** yourself or others!
  - Code should be automatically scanned for secrets or other sensitive data using standalone tools like [GitGuardian](https://www.gitguardian.com/) or [awslabs git-secrets](https://github.com/awslabs/git-secrets) or built in tools in [GitLab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/application_security/secret_detection/) or [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-secret-scanning).
    - Review the configuration of whichever tools you use, for example [awslabs git-secrets](https://github.com/awslabs/git-secrets) does not scan for IP addresses by default, but you can change that by adding more regex expressions
      - TO DO: add config to register regex for IP4 and IP6

>     - Ideally, run a tool like [awslabs git-secrets](https://github.com/awslabs/git-secrets) locally on developer laptops (to catch secrets at source) with a backstop of a server-side tool such as  [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-secret-scanning)

Reviewer: Suggest "centralised" rather than "server-side", as I think it might be clearer.
```suggestion
    - Ideally, run a tool like [awslabs git-secrets](https://github.com/awslabs/git-secrets) locally on developer laptops (to catch secrets at source) with a backstop of a centralised tool such as  [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-secret-scanning)
```
